okay hey YouTube this is my second video
and like I said I would be doing an
unboxing of the Battle of Yorktown if I
worked resentment so um let's get
started right first of all I got
buy one get one free on it and it's a
cover and that's what it looks like
inside well I got to buy one get one
free and this is the other box other
works still in my room but I was gonna
do a review for the fourth when I'm I'll
use this maybe half of the other one so
let's get started okay here in the front
you got some assorted rockets
there's I think there's there's flying
colored butterflies glittering light
rockets and I think just glittering bees
I don't know but there is home in pieces
I think twelve yeah it's all pieces
right there so that's that's cool
haven't had those as usual yep 205
firecrackers
there's to see it to them so hopefully
that's good
and then you got the yet the roman
candles six pieces i don't think they
have any effects I think just the color
of a roman candle but look pretty cool
over here just a little cake we got a
Chinese New Year seven shot I have three
other ones yeah oh and one of my
favorites a two inch world seven shot
again just a little bit smaller than the
Chinese New Year but looks it looks cool
it looks nice decent so I can't wait
well over here we got 25 - oh shoot 25
shot Saturn
this'll just no moans well over here in
the back we got some these bombing
planes how many pieces are there six
pieces right there just those are big
planes but never had that before and
over here we got some a little mini
bottle rocket Wolfpack oh look a little
Rockets but whatever and then I guess we
got two fountains two of the dragons
wrath fountains there's that one to the
dragons wrath so these are actually
pretty cool I've actually shot off the
Lady Liberty's which are similar to
these but I don't know I think they're
the same over here we got a cannon brand
number five silver fish it's not even
that big you can see the little thing
the tube put that big but whatever looks
cool he's got some random suckers
Wranglers
and then we got these three or are these
Oh silver slug cracker Brown hmm weird
name for these beings whatever that
looks pretty cool look like m-80s be
amazed they gave me a to ground balloon
flowers these are always fun
I'm probably gonna buy another pack for
the update that I'm gonna make so yeah
just stay tuned and then y'all but
you'll be able to see that one here we
got two moon
Moonbeam missiles DMSO
is the other one being you got two tanks
she's always gonna have the tanks it was
gonna have tanks here we have two
packages yeah is there just one over
here some jumping jacks you're gonna
have them index or flying the missiles
here we got six pieces fountains you got
you got the tricolor peacock violence
and silver glitter lily and there's six
of them two of each pretty cool
you understand we have a single day
parachute you got two of them
precious jewels trying to light them up
and catch them when they come down then
here in little
jumbo silver suits and these are the red
ones the m88 times and then this over
here is another cannon Brown number five
color peeny hmm this one looks nice but
yeah I'm gonna be getting way more big
stuff so there's another CP little
Rockets
and then here it gives you a throw some
Punk's to light them up with yeah that's
cool
and then I guess for the biggest stuff
in here you get the galaxy number seven
assorted floral fills and yeah these
actually are really good see this is I
think it's more star for sure this one
is star ride and then this one over here
is cosmic brain and Spitfire and these
are actually really cool
they're really good I think they're
really cool and they they're like
they're like probably better than those
okay yeah so and there's just your
crappy morning glories so that's
basically what you get in the Battle of
Yorktown assortment and I'm going to be
updating this my stash I'll probably put
both of them together I'm gonna go get
some more maybe this weekend so please
rate comment and subscribe and please
subscribe I don't have any subscribers
yet I think this is really my second
video and thanks for watching